Resiliency doesn't stop with a region or VPC.
Creating a platform that is holistically available
requires resiliency throughout each part of your service.
To have a resilient platform,
all parts of it need to be fault tolerant.
As you decide if a service needs to tolerate failures,
you can let that decision drive choices about whether to
spend the time and dollars to make your applications resilient.
Should you desire to,
AWS provides you the tools you need to make all components resilient.
In this lesson, you'll practice driving redundancy
throughout your system by ensuring that not only the underlying network,
but also the individual services on top of it are highly available.